---
layout: default
title: Home
nav_order: 1
---

# Home

VoteAmerica maintains a suite of software for helping citizens register to vote and participate in elections.

Our software is free for anyone to use. By upgrading to a paid account, you can access additional features, 
including [exports of the data](/software/exportformat/) collected via your instance of the software, 
[integrations](/integrations/) with other tools, and more.
Learn more about best practices and the differences between free and paid accounts on our 
[FAQ page](https://voteamerica-plus.helpscoutdocs.com/article/45-faq).

## Getting started

To get started, sign up for a free VoteAmericaPlus account at [secure.voteamerica.org/signup/](https://secure.voteamerica.org/signup/).
From there, you can access your custom easy links and embed codes right away and [upgrade](https://secure.voteamerica.org/upgrade/) to unlock paid features.

## Voter tool implementation options

There are a few ways to use VoteAmericaPlus software, depending on your needs. In all cases, activity
generated by your instance of the software is attributed to your account. 
Features such as [form prefilling](/software/prefill/) and [tracking URL arguments](/software/tracking/) are supported in all implementations.

### [Easy links](easy_links)

Easy links are the fastest way to begin using our tools. Each voter tool in your VoteAmericaPlus account comes with 
its own custom link that you can share in emails, social media posts, and other communications. All activity driven 
through these links is automatically attributed to your account and visible in your VoteAmericaPlus dashboard.

### [Embeddable software](embeds)

If you own a website and would like to integrate our voter tools directly into your pages,
you can embed VoteAmericaPlus voter tools with a short snippet of code.
The software has minimal branding, and the fonts and color scheme should work with any website design.

### [Microsite](microsite)

VoteAmerica can host a custom-labeled microsite for you. The microsite is a standalone website that includes 
our full suite of voter tools, branded with your logo and colors.

## [Civic Data API](api/index.md)

We maintain 80+ rigorously fact-checked data points per state, covering everything from voter ID laws to voter registration deadlines.
You can access our data via a paid API. Contact [sales@voteamerica.org](mailto:sales@voteamerica.org) for more information.

## About VoteAmerica

VoteAmerica is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. VoteAmericaPlus accounts are managed via VoteAmerica LLC, 
which is a wholly owned subsidiary of VoteAmerica. We do this for accounting purposes: everyone's life is just easier 
if software licensing is handled via a distinct legal entity.
